EC2 TASK -
#1.Create an Application Load Balancer with mobile, laptop, tablet, clothes, shoes pages?
Ans. 1. Create the instance 
3 .install httpd service for laptop,mobile,tablet,clothes,shoes page
4.write cript in instance
5.#!/bin/bash
sudo -i
yum update all -y
yum install httpd -y
echo "hello world, welcome to my Homepage $HOSTNAME" > /var/www/html/index.html 
systemctl start httpd.service
systemctl enable httpd.service
systemctl status httpd.service
6. take the ssh of the instance and start the service and check it 
7. after create the instance , create the application load balancer.
8. configure the load balance .
9. Hit the website and check .
#2.Create a Simple Application Load Balancer with Auto scaling and host any free css template.
Ans.1. Create the instance  and install httpd services.
2.write cript in instance 
3.#!/bin/bash
sudo -i
yum update all -y
yum install httpd -y
echo "hello world, welcome to my Homepage $HOSTNAME" > /var/www/html/index.html 
systemctl start httpd.service
systemctl enable httpd.service
systemctl status httpd.service
3.take the ssh of the instance and start the services .
4.create the application load balancer.
5.configure the load balance.
6.Go to auto scaling load balancer, and assign the instance and security group.
7.in configuration group size, and review the auto scaling load balancer.
8.after create wait for health status of the instance.
9.Put the stress on the instncae and see if the no instance in add or not.
#3.Create a simple classic Load Balancer. 
Ans. 1. Create a instance and launch calssic laod balancer.
2.configuration the CLB name,network, security group,listern routing,instance.
3.hit the web site and check the working of CLB.
#4.Create an AMI Image, with name(tomcat-ami-v1) from an existing running tomcat server.
Ans. 1. Create the instacne of tomact serer.
2. go to action--> image and template --> image name
3. AMI image has been successfull create and launch acording to your requirement.
#5.Host any customised HTML web page in Ubuntu server. 
Ans. 1. create the instance of ubuntu server
2. install nginx in ubuntu server
3. sudo apt install nginx
4. statu the services and hit to the IP address to check the html page of nginx.
#6.Host any customised HTML web page in RedHat 9 server.
Ans. 1. crete the instacne of redhat 
2. install the httpd sservies in the instance.
3. start the servcie on the instance 4. hit the ip address to check the rad hat index page on web browser.
#7.Host any customised HTML web page in windows 11 server.
ANS.1 create instance 
#8.Create a one EC2 Instance with debian family, create an 1000 no of jarvis.txt files and mount the existing S3 bucket into the same server and do upload all the jarvis.txt files into s3 bucket using aws command line tool
Ans.1create instance 
2.connect ec2 instance 
3.crete 1000 'jarvis.txt'file
4.mount the file in s3 buket 
5.uplot the files in bucket 
#9.Do task number 1 in AWS EC2 in scripting. Automate the whole server level configuration.
Ans.1. install aws cli 
2.configure it 
3.configure the server 
4.check the instance creatimg and terminating 
#10.If your server lost the key-pair, and you wanna take a ssh of that server, then how can you recover the key and take a ssh. (Want the practical, with documentation)
ANS.1.create new key pair 
2.and accossiate the key with instance 
3.stope the instance and detach root volume 
4.create new instace and attache root volume 

S3 
#1.Implement MFA on Bucket when users are going to delete any objects, then he needs an Approval from MFA Code.
ANS-1. Create bucket 
2.enable versioning 
3.create the json poliy fr mfa
4.edite code 
Action :”s3:deleteobject”
Resource :”arn:aws:s3::your-bucket-name/*”
Bool:”aws:multifactorauthpresnt”:false
Bool:”aws:multifactorauthpresnt”:true
5.atached policy to user 
6.config the mfa protection 
7.chech mfa via email
#2.Create a Bucket with cli commands & upload the object from cli mode.
ANS-1.go to the cli mode 
#3.Complete one project with server less static website hosting, with deployment & after deployment management of the website in backend side. Make a proper document of that project.
ANS-

CLOUD TRAIL –
#1.Configure and enable the trail for multi region in your both staging and production account.
ANS- 1 create trail 
2.create trail separetly for user account  
#2.Configure and enable the trail for the only hyderabad region in your both staging and production account.
ANS-1.
#3.Create a trail for one service S3 by default it enables all logging features, you guys disable some features of logging.
ANS-1.create trail 
2.give s3 buket destination for store log 
3.select the event and create 
4.select trail and edit the seating

AWS SNS:-
#1.Configure SNS with s3 static website.
Ans-1.create sns topic  subscribe it 
2.congfig the sns policy 
3.enable notication in s3 
#2.Configure SNS with Email server level notification with Load Balancer configuration .
ANS-1.create sns topic and subcribe that 
2.set the load balancer notication 
3.chech the email notivcation 
#3.Configure the SNS with SMS level.
ANS-1.create topic 
2.congig the sms subscription 
3.chech the subscription 
4.create topic policy 
5.test the message 

USER-
#1.Add four different users in the organisation account.
ANS-1.create IAM user 
2.add in group 
#2.Add one user without permission.
ANS-1.create  user without policy 
#3.Add user with console & programmatic user.
ANS-1.create user with console log in 
2. create user with programmatical access
#4.If IAM users are created w/o password, then how can you set the password of that IAM user as an Admin. (W/O deleting user)
ANS-1.IAM dashboard select user 
2. sesequrity credentials 
3.choose manage password and set new password 
#5.Add User Without Any permission (permission denied)
ANS-1 .create the user 
2. attach deny policy 
#6.S3 Read Only Access
ANS-1.creat user 
2. attache  s3 read only policy to user
3.log in to the user consol and check the permission 
#7.Jarvis Admin Access
ANS-
#8.Add User with Programmatic Access
ANS-1.create user 
2.cet access key and log in in cli mode 
3.aws config and successfully log in 

VPC -
#1.Create a 5 VPC with different networks.
Ans. 1. create the vpc.
2.Create the subnet in the vpc
3.create the IG and attach to the vpc
4.repeat this flow 4 time 
#2.Create a customised VPC and enable the DHCP & DNS option set.
Ans. 1. Create the vpc,subnet ,igw attached the vpc 
 2. Go to vps setting and edite the dhcp and dns
#3.Enable the flow logs of newly created custom VPC.
Ans.1. create the vpc 
2.flow log seeting edite 
3.configure the flow lof such as name , destination.
4.save the change and review the flow log. 
5.check the log that stor in you s3 bucket.
#4.Access the all S3 Buckets in Particular single customised VPC w/o internet, so how can we achieve it ?
Ans. 1. Create the vpc and launch the instance
2.take the ssh of the instance and check the internet, hostname.
3.create the role for ec2 instance with s3 bucket full access 
4.attttach to the instance 
5.create the endpoint in vpc and try to get access to the s3 bucket.

IAM-
1 . Create a policy to access all objects in a specific bucket
Ans – 1. Create s3 buket 
2. create policy in json  
3. and take the bukets arn 
#2. Create a policy to access only 2 objects in a specific bucket.
Ans- 1. Create the buket and upload 2 object
2. create policy in json 
3. in code give the bukets arn and give specific objects arn in code to acess the bucket.
 #3.Create a policy to deny the access of Specific bucket.
Ans- 1.create buket and add object 
2.create policy in json for deny the user and object inside yhe bucket.
#4.Create policy to create the user only and can attach policy to them.
Ans-1.create IAM user with admistretive acess 
2.sing in the user and check the permission 
#5.Create a policy to place the user in a group only.
Ans- 1.create IAM user and attach group policy to user 
2. sing in to the user and check the permission 
#6.Policy to get "read" access of all users, groups but not policy.
Ans -1. Create the policy for specific service 
2. that policy attache with user 
#7.Policy to get access to billing, ec2 and cloudwatch.
Ans-1. Create the policy to the account 
2. select the permission of billing to ec2 ,cloud watch billing in aws 
3. sing in the user check their permission and whatch billing dashboard.
#8.How to give access only to northern virginia.
Ans-1.create policy in json 
2.edite the code give ip reng of noth verginia as source ip 
4.attache the usre 
#9.Create a policy like when users are login into console, Without MFA not a single IAM user has able to access any AWS kind of aws services, he gots an permission denied error.
Ans- 1. Create policy in json 
2.edite code json 
3. add  action ‘*’, resource ‘*’,
4. add aws:multifactorauthpresent:”fails”
5.attach policy to the user 
6.login to user and check permission 
#10.Create a resource based policy and attach to S3_B16 Bucket & only sunny user can able to access that bucket.
Ans-1. Create  IAM policy for s3 access
2.creat policy to sunny user 
3.attache policy to s3 bucket 
4.try to access the user sunny 





